Update browser-support.md (#7870)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/includes/browser-support.md

<sup>2</sup> Blur my background isn't available when you run Teams in a browser. This feature is only available in the Teams desktop client.

> <sup>3</sup> Teams meetings on browsers are limited to a single stream. Either incoming video feed of active speaker or Screen Sharing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>3</sup> Teams meetings on browsers are limited to a single stream; either incoming video feed of the current speaker or screen sharing.
```
